I have built this box, covered with soft textile
Dogs can use both front and rear paws on this and it's really fun
My dogs learnt this trick for a whole year
From time to time they weren't successful, so we did some other tricks
that they knew better and were more fun for them
And then we tried again
And wait!
And one front paw!
One rear paw!
Change!
And one front paw!
And change!
And one rear paw!
When you teach yor dog tricks, it's very important that you don't treat them unless they have fully completed the trick
Otherwise they will never learn to complete the trick correctly
When they have learnt the trick, you can teach them some other, more complicated trick, and it will be challenging for the dog
We have Ziara here. who has never done this trick before. Come here!
Doesn't seem to come with this... Ahaa!
Let's try to familiarize the dog with the obstacle
And the dog has two paws on the box, which is really good. You can treat the dog for this
Now let's try to lure the dog to the opposite side
Come, come!
And straight!
Okay
And now we say: "One paw!"
See, Ziara put on paw on the box
Now let's lure the dog backwards
And rear paw on the box. Good, Ziara!
Put the paw on the box. Well done, good girl!
Now we have to get the dog to a better position, otherwise she can't put the rear paw on the box
Now we have to lure the dog like this...
Good Ziara! Good!
And the rear paw is on the box!
Now let's bring the hand backwards, so she would put the front paw on the box right away
Good dog!
Put the paw on the box again
Well done! Really good!
Good! Really good! Good!
Let's try the rear paw again
Here, Ziara!
Let's try from this side
Front paw on the box! Front paw!
Good dog!
No, front paw on the box! No
Good! Front paw!
Good!
No
Good dog!
Okay
And the rear paw on the box
Let's lure the dog over the box
And yes! Good!
And again
And from this side, approach from this side, this side. Ziara, this side!
And the rear paw is on the box. Yeah!
And the first paw!
Yeah!
Good dog!
The other paw on the floor!
Again!
Yeah!